Fix the Mention prefix example (#188)
discordjs/guide: guide/popular-topics/miscellaneous-examples.md

## Mention prefix

::: tip

> The `escapeRegex` function is used to convert special characters into literal characters by escaping them, so that they don't terminate the pattern within the [Regular Expression](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions)!

Reviewer: The tip was fine were it was, below the codeblock and above the other tip, because here you're mentioning something that hasn't been shown to the reader yet.

client.login('your-token-goes-here');
```

::: tip

> The `escapeRegex` arrow function is a simple function used to remove special characters, that would normally result in an error, from a [regular expression](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `escapeRegex` function is used to convert special characters into literal characters by escaping them, so that they don't terminate the pattern within the [Regular Expression](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions)!
```
